IPlant-Buggalo

This module is a mod_perl response handler that provides a way to obtain
visualization URLs for all of the trees in a tree file.  Tree files are parsed
using the Nexus Class Library, which must be installed separately.

Inline::CPP is used to create an interface between this module and the Nexus
Class Library, so a C++ compiler is required for this module to be installed.
Preferably, the C++ that comes along with the C compiler that was used to
compile Perl should be used.  For example, if Perl was compiled using gcc then
g++ should be installed.

Two other services are required for this service to work: the iPlant data
management service (Nibblonian) and the iPlant tree visualization service.
Without access to both of these services, this module will not work.

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2011, The Arizona Board of Regents on behalf of The University
of Arizona

All rights reserved.

Developed by: iPlant Collaborative at BIO5 at The University of Arizona
http://www.iplantcollaborative.org

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

 * Neither the name of the iPlant Collaborative, BIO5, The University of
   Arizona nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
   products derived from this software without specific prior written
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
